README FOR BREAKOUT VARIATION
Jesse A. Jones

ADDED FEATURES
	Added a controllable paddle that moves back 
	and forth based on holding A or D key.

	Added a ball that starts with a random velocity vector 
	that bounces around and hits stuff and maybe dies.

	Added breakable bricks that the ball can hit based 
	when it bounces into them.

	When the ball collides with the paddle or bricks, it gets 0.3 percent faster, 
	making the level get harder with time.

	Added a death mechanic caused by the ball hitting the bottom of the screen.
	Included in this mechanic is lives. The player starts with 3 lives and 
	loses a life with a death. If the player runs out of lives, it's game over
	and the player has to restart.

	The collision system was greatly improved with quite the robust colision detection
	and response system that removes the old problems of the ball getting stuck in stuff
	and moving at faster than light in walls occasionally. 

	Levels were added. There's three levels. These levels affect the health of the bricks.

	Bricks have a health mechanic added. Bricks can have health ranging from 1 to 6.
	Also, for each health the brick has a specific texture associated like so:
		1 -> dark blue
		2 -> turqoise
		3 -> green
		4 -> yellow
		5 -> orange
		6 -> red
	When a brick is hit by the ball, it loses at least one health 
	and the color of the brick adjusts based on the updated health value.
	If the brick's health reaches 0, it explodes 
	and is gone until a level change/game victory/game over.

	Each level also has some difficulty scaling going on.
	For one, the ball starts with a slightly faster velocity potentially.
	For two, the brick health increase becomes more frequent, morphing from
	brick health increasing every 30 bricks, to every 20, to every 10.

	The paddle speed also has some interesting speed 
	scaling going on based on the level.
	When the player holds down A or D, the paddle moves at 10 pixels per frame
	times 1.1 to the power of the level - 1 plus the natural log of the magnitude
	of the ball's velocity. This means that the paddle gets faster with each level
	and gets faster as the ball gets faster. This helps compensate for the gradual
	speed increase of the ball.

	Set the terminal to dark theme so it's readable and added several cheat codes to it
	that can be explained using the ? command in the terminal. 

	Added a variety of custom text that indicates the game state.
	Examples include the any key press prompt, the game over message, etc.

	Added a variety of custom sounds for mecahnics like the explosions, 
	ball bounces, and announcements that go with the game messages.

	Replaced given ball with custom made ball based on plasma noise render.

	Removed a lot of old unused assets. 

	Removed bounce counter which was replaced by the lives counter.

	Added game victory when the player wins level 3 by destorying all bricks existing.

	After a game over, game victory, and the start, the player is prompted for input and the game
	starts at level 1 with fresh data.

	Before the credits sequence, a splash screen fades in indicating the game name and author. 
	Skippable by pressing ESC key.

	The ball is affected by a very light downwards gravity field, 
	avoiding movement edge case.
 
AVOIDING BROKEN BALL MOVEMENT
	It's easy to avoid broken ball movement. Just play the game.
	If the ball gets caught in a side to side motion, 
	the gravitational field acting on it pulls it down slowly, 
	making it immune to getting stuck in a side to side loop. 

EXTERNAL RESOURCES USED
	ballHitSound.wav came from Xtreme Pong but I made the sound affect for it
	so it's still by me and owned by me. 

	explosionSoundCustom.wav was made for Xtreme Pong originally 
	but was made by me so it's fine.

	All custom images and text were made in open source image editor Gimp.

	All custom sounds were made in open source program Audacity.

	No new external assets were added beyond the ones mentioned.
	Certainly nothing requiring attribution.